W-19840500 Update flex-gateway-managed-set-up.adoc (#940)
mulesoft/docs-gateway: gateway/1.10/modules/ROOT/pages/flex-gateway-managed-set-up.adoc

== Before You Begin

=== CloudHub 2.0

> Before getting started with Flex Gateway on CloudHub 2.0, ensure:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Before getting started with Flex Gateway on CloudHub 2.0, make sure:
```

* The business group you want to deploy your gateway to has Managed Flex Gateway Resources. To redestribute Managed Flex Gateway resources to a business group, see xref:access-management::business-groups.adoc#redistribute-resources[Redistribute Resources Between Existing Business Groups].
+ 
NOTE: Gateways cannot be shared across business groups. A user must be a member of the business group to access the Flex Gateway. 
* xref:cloudhub-2::ps-create-configure.adoc[Create a CloudHub 2.0 Private Space]

[[rtf]]
=== Runtime Fabric

IMPORTANT: Flex Gateway is supported on Runtime Fabric as a limited availability GA release. For access, contact your sales representative.

> Before getting started with Flex Gateway on Runtime Fabric, ensure:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Before getting started with Flex Gateway on Runtime Fabric, make sure:
```

> * Ensure your Runtime Fabric deploymentversion is 2.11.0 or later. To upgrade, see xref:runtime-fabric::pgrade-index.adoc[Upgrading Runtime Fabric].

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Your Runtime Fabric deployment version is 2.11.0 or later. To upgrade, see xref:runtime-fabric::pgrade-index.adoc[Upgrading Runtime Fabric].
```

* The business group you want to deploy your gateway to has Managed Flex Gateway Resources. To redestribute Managed Flex Gateway resources to a business group, see xref:access-management::business-groups.adoc#redistribute-resources[Redistribute Resources Between Existing Business Groups].
+ 
NOTE: Gateways cannot be shared across business groups. A user must be a member of the business group to access the Flex Gateway. 

* xref:runtime-fabric::create-custom-namespace.adoc[Create a Runtime Fabric Namespace for Deployments]

* Run this command to enable the `ManagedFlexGateway` resources in your Runtime Fabric namespace:
+
[source,bash]
----
# When performing the helm upgrade for the first time, during Runtime Fabric creation:
helm upgrade runtime-fabric rtf/rtf-agent -n <runtime-fabric-namespace> --version <target-rtf-version> --set global.crds.flex.enabled=true

# When enabling Managed Flex Gateway for an existing runtime fabric:
helm upgrade runtime-fabric rtf/rtf-agent -n <runtime-fabric-namespace> --reset-then-reuse-values --set global.crds.flex.enabled=true
----

> NOTE: For Flex Gateway Agent Fabric deployments on Runtime Fabric, you must enable Open Telemetry with a `100` percent *Sampling percentage*. You cannot override the sampling percentage for individual instances.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
NOTE: For Flex Gateway Agent Fabric deployments on Runtime Fabric, you must enable Open Telemetry with a `100` percent *Sampling percentage*. You can't override the sampling percentage for individual instances.
```
